added release note for CSSPropertyRule and registerProperty (#34625)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/128/index.md

- The [`content`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content) property now supports [alternative text](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content#alternative_text) for content that includes an image. The alternative text is then exposed to the browsers accessibility tree. (See [Firefox bug 1281158](https://bugzil.la/1281158) and [Firefox bug 1896047](https://bugzil.la/1896047)).
- The [`CSSPropertyRule`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule) is now supported. This allows you to get the values of a [CSS custom property](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) set in an [`@property`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@property) at-rule, including [`name`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/name), [`syntax`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/syntax), [`inherits`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/inherits) and [`initialValue`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/initialvalue) ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).

> - The [`registerProperty`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/registerProperty_static) is now supported. This allows you to define a [CSS custom property](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) via JavaScript ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).

Reviewer: I think only a single entry will work because they're both ways to register custom properties.

WDYT about adding something like the text below (deriving it mostly from the content we're removing from the experimental page plus with some more links and info from your update):

```
- Support for registering [CSS custom properties](<link>) is now enabled by default.
You can do this in CSS using the `@property` at-rule and through JS using the <so and so> method.
Registering properties allows for type checking, setting default values, 
and controlling properties that do or do not inherit values from their parent elements.
With this support, you can use the [`CSSPropertyRule`]<link> interface to access details 
including `name`<link> and `syntax`<link> about a custom property.
```
In this way, when we start the entry with CSS custom properties, we also keep the update relevant for the CSS section.

(note: I've added hard line breaks above only to skip horizontal scrolling in this view)

  This provides an application with a simple mechanism to know in advance whether playback at the optimal resolution will be allowed, without having to create a media key session or fetch a real license. ([Firefox bug 1878714](https://bugzil.la/1878714)).
- {{domxref('RTCRtpTransceiver.setCodecPreferences()')}} is now supported for setting the codecs that a WebRTC local peer is able to use for decoding received data, in its preferred codec order. Web applications can use this to cause the remote peer to choose a preferred codec, and to disable the negotiation of specific codecs — including those used for retransmission, redundancy, and forward error correction. ([Firefox bug 1396922](https://bugzil.la/1396922)).
- Serialization of [declarative shadow DOM](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components/Using_shadow_DOM#declaratively_with_html), including the methods {{domxref('ShadowRoot.getHTML()')}} and {{domxref('Element.getHTML()')}}, and associated properties {{domxref('ShadowRoot.serializable')}} and {{domxref('HTMLTemplateElement.shadowRootSerializable')}}.

> - The [`CSSPropertyRule`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule) is now supported. This allows you to get the values of a [CSS custom property](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) set in an [`@property`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@property) at-rule, including [`name`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/name), [`syntax`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/syntax), [`inherits`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/inherits) and [`initialValue`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/initialvalue) ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).

Reviewer: Some suggestions to improve clarity: indicating the relation between `CSSPropertyRule` and `@property`, moving "including (followed by the list)" right after "values", adding a comma before the last item in the list
```suggestion
- The [`CSSPropertyRule`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule) interface is now supported by default and represents a CSS [`@property`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@property) at-rule. The interface allows you to get the values, including [`name`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/name), [`syntax`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/syntax), [`inherits`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/inherits), and [`initialValue`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPropertyRule/initialvalue), of CSS custom properties defined using the `@property` at-rule ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).
```

> - The [`registerProperty`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/registerProperty_static) is now supported. This allows you to define a [CSS custom property](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) via JavaScript in the same way this can be achieved with the `@property` at-rule in CSS ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`registerProperty()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/registerProperty_static) method is now supported by default. It allows you to define [CSS custom properties](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) via JavaScript, which is similar to using the `@property` at-rule in CSS ([Firefox bug 1864818](https://bugzil.la/1864818)).
```
